Hey alpha the serious man. It's the first time you brought a girl into the pack. Is there a problem?
No problem. It's just you're the alpha what you say goes
Hey, I
Something came up and I had to move so I'll
Send you the address as soon as I get settled. Don't go disappearing on me again. You got it. Narcissist
I agree. Oh, no, it's
Uh, this plant means a lot to me. I'll hold on to it kitten. Is this all you brought? Yeah
Light trip. Let's go. Hey, how fun
See that girl over there. It might be a long shot, but she was talking on the phone around the same time you were
It looks like she's about to move somewhere. Do you recognize her from the woods?
But why does she have a partner with her?
No two partners. Hey, what a play girl
Putting it into this right now
We'll waste any more time